![react boilerplate
banner](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/react-boilerplate/react-boilerplate-brand/master/assets/banner-metal-optimized.jpg)
  

**Start your next react project in seconds**

A highly scalable, offline-first foundation with the best DX and a focus
on performance and best practices

  

[![Dependency
Status](https://david-dm.org/react-boilerplate/react-boilerplate.svg)](https://david-dm.org/react-boilerplate/react-boilerplate)
[![devDependency
Status](https://david-dm.org/react-boilerplate/react-boilerplate/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/react-boilerplate/react-boilerplate#info=devDependencies)
[![Build
Status](https://travis-ci.org/react-boilerplate/react-boilerplate.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/react-boilerplate/react-boilerplate)
[![Test
Coverage](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/react-boilerplate/react-boilerplate/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/r/react-boilerplate/react-boilerplate)
[![Chat with us on
Spectrum](https://withspectrum.github.io/badge/badge.svg)](https://spectrum.chat/react-boilerplate)

[![Backers](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/backers/badge.svg)](#backers)
[![Sponsors](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/sponsors/badge.svg)](#sponsors)
[![Supported by
Thinkmill](https://thinkmill.github.io/badge/heart.svg)](http://thinkmill.com.au/?utm_source=github&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=react-boilerplate)

  

<sub>Created\\ by\\ [Max\\ Stoiber](https://twitter.com/mxstbr)\\ and\\ maintained\\ with\\ ❤️\\ by\\ an\\ amazing\\ [team\\ of\\ developers](https://github.com/orgs/react-boilerplate/teams/core).</sub>

\#\# Features

Quick scaffolding  
Create components, containers, routes, selectors and sagas - and their
tests - right from the CLI!

Instant feedback  
Enjoy the best DX (Developer eXperience) and code your app at the speed
of thought! Your saved changes to the CSS and JS are reflected
instantaneously without refreshing the page. Preserve application state
even when you update something in the underlying code!

Predictable state management  
Unidirectional data flow allows for change logging and time travel
debugging.

Next generation JavaScript  
Use template strings, object destructuring, arrow functions, JSX syntax
and more.

Next generation CSS  
Write composable CSS that's co-located with your components for complete
modularity. Unique generated class names keep the specificity low while
eliminating style clashes. Ship only the styles that are on the page for
the best performance.

Industry-standard routing  
It's natural to want to add pages (e.g. \`/about\`) to your application,
and routing makes this possible.

Industry-standard i18n internationalization support  
Scalable apps need to support multiple languages, easily add and support
multiple languages with \`react-intl\`.

Offline-first  
The next frontier in performant web apps: availability without a network
connection from the instant your users load the app.

Static code analysis  
Focus on writing new features without worrying about formatting or code
quality. With the right editor setup, your code will automatically be
formatted and linted as you work.

SEO  
We support SEO (document head tags management) for search engines that
support indexing of JavaScript content. (eg. Google)

But wait... there's more! - \_The best test setup:\_ Automatically
guarantee code quality and non-breaking changes. (Seen a react app with
100% test coverage before?) - \_Native web app:\_ Your app's new home?
The home screen of your users' phones. - \_The fastest fonts:\_ Say
goodbye to vacant text. - \_Stay fast\_: Profile your app's performance
from the comfort of your command line! - \_Catch problems:\_ AppVeyor
and TravisCI setups included by default, so your tests get run
automatically on Windows and Unix. There’s also a [fantastic
video](https://vimeo.com/168648012) on how to structure your React.js
apps with scalability in mind. It provides rationale for the majority of
boilerplate's design decisions.
<sub>*Keywords:\\ React.js,\\ Redux,\\ Hot\\ Reloading,\\ ESNext,\\ Babel,\\ react-router,\\ Offline\\ First,\\ ServiceWorker,\\ \`styled-components\`,\\ redux-saga,\\ FontFaceObserver*</sub>
\#\# Quick start 1. Make sure that you have Node.js v8.10 and npm v5 or
above installed. 2. Clone this repo using \`git clone --depth=1
https://github.com/react-boilerplate/react-boilerplate.git \` 3. Move to
the appropriate directory: \`cd \`.  
 4. Run \`npm run setup\` in order to install dependencies and clean the
git repo.  
 \_At this point you can run \`npm start\` to see the example app at
\`http://localhost:3000\`.\_ 5. Run \`npm run clean\` to delete the
example app. Now you're ready to rumble! \> Please note that this
boilerplate is \*\*production-ready and not meant for beginners\*\*! If
you're just starting out with react or redux, please refer to
https://github.com/petehunt/react-howto instead. If you want a solid,
battle-tested base to build your next product upon and have some
experience with react, this is the perfect start for you. \#\#
Documentation - [\*\*The Hitchhikers Guide to
\`react-boilerplate\`\*\*](docs/general/introduction.md): An
introduction for newcomers to this boilerplate. -
[Overview](docs/general): A short overview of the included tools -
[\*\*Commands\*\*](docs/general/commands.md): Getting the most out of
this boilerplate - [Testing](docs/testing): How to work with the
built-in test harness - [Styling](docs/css): How to work with the CSS
tooling - [Your app](docs/js): Supercharging your app with Routing,
Redux, simple asynchronicity helpers, etc. -
[\*\*Troubleshooting\*\*](docs/general/gotchas.md): Solutions to common
problems faced by developers. \#\# Supporters This project would not be
possible without the support by these amazing folks. [\*\*Become a
sponsor\*\*](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate) to get your
company in front of thousands of engaged react developers and help us
out!
[![](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/bronze-sponsor/0/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/bronze-sponsor/0/website)
[![](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/bronze-sponsor/1/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/bronze-sponsor/1/website)
[![](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/bronze-sponsor/2/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/bronze-sponsor/2/website)
[![](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/bronze-sponsor/3/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/bronze-sponsor/3/website)
[![](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/bronze-sponsor/4/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/bronze-sponsor/4/website)
[![](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/bronze-sponsor/5/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/bronze-sponsor/5/website)
[![](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/bronze-sponsor/6/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/bronze-sponsor/6/website)
[![](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/bronze-sponsor/7/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/bronze-sponsor/7/website)
[![](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/bronze-sponsor/8/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/bronze-sponsor/8/website)
[![](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/bronze-sponsor/9/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/bronze-sponsor/9/website)
---
[![](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/backer/0/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/backer/0/website)
[![](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/backer/1/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/backer/1/website)
[![](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/backer/2/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/backer/2/website)
[![](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/backer/3/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/backer/3/website)
[![](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/backer/4/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/backer/4/website)
[![](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/backer/5/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/backer/5/website)
[![](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/backer/6/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/backer/6/website)
[![](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/backer/7/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/backer/7/website)
[![](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/backer/8/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/backer/8/website)
[![](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/backer/9/avatar.svg)](https://opencollective.com/react-boilerplate/backer/9/website)
\#\# License This project is licensed under the MIT license, Copyright
(c) 2018 Maximilian Stoiber. For more information see \`LICENSE.md\`.
